Are you going? The Axe Gang is powerful
Everyone is ruthless
I'm not that stupid
Go and die yourself
The person who can kill me has not yet been born
You're so arrogant, then go by yourself
Hey, go.
This fool wants to die
Want me to save
Hey, I have already called Qin Zhan back.
But he messed with the Axe Gang
It's gone to the Axe Gang now.
See if you want to save him. What?
He provoked the Axe Gang
Yeah he hit the axe gang, wait for me
I'll come over now
If it weren't for what happened to me here
I don't care about you.
Dad, is there any news from Scar?
No answer on the phone
When he comes back, I will chop him up
You're going to chop them up, aren't you?
I brought you someone